Add Job Launcher changes to Cherry Blossom News (#12818)
rstudio/rstudio: version/news/NEWS-2023.03.0-cherry-blossom.md

- Updated code-server to version 4.9.1 (VS Code version 1.73.1) (rstudio/rstudio-pro#4150)
- Preview support for setting per-user AWS credentials in RStudio Pro sessions (rstudio/rstudio-pro#4246)
- Sessions run on Kubernetes or Slurm can now greatly simplify the task of assigning CPU, memory, or GPU resources by using named Resource Profiles (rstudio/rstudio-pro#4249)

> - Jobs and Services created by the Kubernetes plugin now set the `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` label to `launcher` (rstudio/launcher#379).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes Job and Service resources created by Workbench now set the `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` label to `launcher` (rstudio/launcher#379)
```

> - Added a new load balancing strategy that allows external services (like PWB) to specify available nodes in a Local Launcher cluster (rstudio/launcher#42).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the Job Launcher is enabled, the Local plugin can now be configured to use "external" load balancing, which removes the need for the `scratch-path` to be on shared storage (rstudio/launcher#42, rstudio/rstudio-pro#3770)
```

> - Added a new parameter `allowed-partitions` to `launcher.slurm.profiles.conf` in order to limit SLURM partition visibility in the Web UI of PWB (rstudio/launcher#309)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `allowed-partitions` setting in the `launcher.slurm.profiles.conf` file can be used to limit visibility of Slurm partitions to specific users or groups (rstudio/launcher#309)
```

> - The Job Launcher configuration now supports fractional values for `job-expiry-hours` (i.e. 1`0.5` for 30 minutes) (rstudio/launcher#372)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All Job Launcher plugins now support fractional values for the `job-expiry-hours` setting (i.e. `0.5` for 30 minutes) (rstudio/launcher#372)
```

- Fixed the frequent `No such file or directory` errors logged by `rserver-monitor` when on a system with cgroups v2 (#10914, rstudio/rstudio-pro#2683)
- Support Kubernetes v1.24 (rstudio/rstudio-pro#4064)
- Security fix: User ID is now set by the server when running Workbench Jobs created by VS Code (rstudio/rstudio-pro#4255)

> - Fixed issue where sessions and jobs running on Slurm could lose environment variables in a load-balanced cluster or after a restart (rstudio/launcher#533)
> - Fixed issue where available Slurm partitions would not be listed under certain user profile configurations (rstudio/launcher#520)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed connection issues with SSL-enabled sessions running on Slurm in a load-balanced cluster or after a Launcher restart (rstudio/rstudio-pro#4098)
```

* I'd suggest pointing to the Workbench-specific issue here, and couching the changes as they apply to Workbench.

* https://github.com/rstudio/launcher/issues/520 never affected customers because it was fixed in the same release that the issues started appearing in (see https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-pro/issues/3906).

Reviewer 2: Did you mean to also delete the `Slurm partition` news entry in this suggestion?
